                          VCAL LICENSE AGREEMENT



VCAL (c) 1983-1999 by The Bhaktivedanta Book Trust International,
Inc. All rights reserved


TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE

VCAL is free software and may be used by any number of users on any
number of systems without fee or obligation, subject only to the
terms and conditions laid out below.

VCAL is NOT in the public domain. The Bhaktivedanta Book Trust
International, Inc., retains ownership and copyright, and exclusively
reserves all rights to the software. 

Modification of the program or its resources or associated text or
data files without the copyright holder's explicit written permission
is strictly forbidden. Unauthorized modifications of any component of
VCAL are a breach of intellectual property laws in most countries and
will be pursued vigorously to the full extent of the law.

VCAL may be used by anyone and may be freely distributed via any
medium, either commercial or non-commercial, provided the following
conditions are met:


1: Distribution. VCAL must be distributed complete and unaltered in
the original ZIP archive file or self-extracting archive, with all
messages intact. Removing or modifying any part of the archive,
including ZIP comments, is expressly forbidden. In the event that the
VCAL software is being distributed as part of another package or
software bundle, or in association with software or services for
which a charge is being levied, the copyright holder's permission
must be obtained before distribution occurs. The address of the
copyright holder appears at the end of this document.

2: Charging for distribution. No charge may be directly levied for
VCAL itself. Fair copying and support charges may be applied, but you
must not represent that you are actually selling the software itself.
The intent of this statement is to allow book publishers to
distribute VCAL freely with books, and to permit Software Libraries
and BBS systems to distribute VCAL in their catalogues provided that
only reasonable handling and duplication fees are charged.

3: Ownership. Ownership of the VCAL software remains vested in the
owner and copyright holder, the Bhaktivedanta Book Trust
International, Inc. You may not represent ownership of or copyright
in the software in the course of distribution, and you must not
represent any specific connection with, or authorization or license
from, the copyright holder or author.

4: No liability. Although all possible care has been taken to ensure
that the VCAL software is reliable, we can accept no responsibility
for loss or damage, whether real or consequential, arising from its
use. By using the software you explicitly agree to hold the
Bhaktivedanta Book Trust International, Inc.,  blameless for any such
losses or damages.

5: All rights reserved. We reserve the right to change the terms and
conditions of use and distribution of VCAL without specific notice,
although we will make reasonable efforts to announce any such change
through normal channels (user groups, mailing lists and so on). The
current terms and conditions of use of VCAL can be obtained at any
time upon request.

All the legalese aside, we desire that VCAL be of wide use to the
followers of the Vedic way of life. 


The Bhaktivedanta Book Trust International, Inc. 
Farboret 101 
S-24297 Hoerby 
Sweden 
   Phone: +46 (0415) 22245 
   Fax: +46 (0415) 22065 
   E-mail: madhava.puri@com.bbt.se 
   Website: www.bbti.org
